preparation was good you know I thank
you especially to thank you because if I
said that one would sound like bragging
[Applause]
obviously good quickness in the coin
collection in the earrings you took the
earrings
Dignan I bought the earrings for my
mother on her birthday
maybe we should arrive here how she ever
think of that three outstanding young
men potential getaway driver
go I really want to be a part of this
team and I'm the only one with the car
that's good that's good
that fits me right here I'm Anthony you
speak English
it's amazing how close you can get to a
girl and you're not allowed to talk to
her
and my name's digged in man you in the
RVs no no I just have short hair we are
a team take mine I can't focus unless
you're gonna saw some papers you just
painted shut up man we don't settle our
problems with bugs
well we settle them with bare knuckle
that's all they ever wanted was to be
wanted we could let me take one your
nose for it let's get lucky
just do exactly as I said let's move it
a bigger one you anyway call me an idiot
you punk
do you have a give their bags for
atlases and dictionaries sir I'll tell
you something kid you've got the guts of
a damn lion that is mr. Henry he is a
very talented thief neither do i the
bacon is hard you know that don't thank
you they're gonna keep on trying got it
man we know it backwards and we know it
forwards because we've done the legwork
and we've done the research until they
get it right what are you doing here
to lunch now that always yes always
[Music]
the keys give you the keys hold babbling
laughing gasp the choppers can you see
how incredible this is gonna be are the
explosives really necessary
[Music]